reorg of topics for new Code Security section in Security (#26887)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/code_security/_index.md

> If you are using a GitHub repository, you can set up the [GitHub integration][103] and connect your repository to enable Static Analysis and Software Composition Analysis scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a GitHub repository, you can set up the [GitHub integration][103] and connect your repository to enable SAST and SCA scans.
```
